= DESCRIPTION:

Installs memcached from source and provides a define to set up an instance of memcache via runit.

This is based on the opscode memcached recipe but installs from source instead of packets.

= REQUIREMENTS:

== Platform:

Tested on Ubuntu 8.04. A runit service can be set up for instances using the included define.

== Cookbooks:

Opscode cookbooks, http://github.com/opscode/cookbooks/tree/master:

* runit

= ATTRIBUTES: 

The following are node attributes passed to the template for the runit service.

* memcached[:memory] - maximum memory for memcached instances.
* memcached[:user] - user to run memcached as.
* memcached[:port] - port for memcached to listen on.
* memcached[:listen] - IP address for memcached to listen on.
* memcached[:version] - The version to install.

= USAGE:

Simply set the attributes and it will configure the /etc/memcached.conf file. If you want to use multiple memcached instances, you'll need to modify the recipe to disable the startup script and the template in the default recipe.

Use the define, memcached_instance, to set up a runit service for the named memcached instance.

  memcached_instance "myproj" 

= LICENSE and AUTHOR:

Author:: Joakim Kolsjö (<joakim.kolsjo;AT;bukowskis;DOT;com>)

Copyright:: 2011, Bukowskis

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
